As a team, we will use our combined experience as computer science majors to create a website that encompasses the topics covered. We will each be assigned certain sections to work on and will share our contributions on a weekly basis to ensure collective progress is made on the site. Currently, Ethan is working on gathering links and resources for the page, Tyson is creating wireframes and thinking of ways to streamline user experience on our page, Chi is working on our GitHub site to ensure that everyone can access and edit the website files and Jeremy is creating a description for the webpage. We plan on utilizing the Microsoft Teams Planner feature to keep track of progress following the AGILE approach of project management suggested in class.

The website that we decided to create will be an educational one containing other helpful website links and articles for computer science classes. The idea is similar in nature to GeeksForGeeks but geared towards computer science students who struggle to grasp common theory. 
	Included in this website we will have major categories like fundamentals of programming, Data structure, AI, syntax for various languages, etc. From those categories, we will have a YouTube-like structure to show articles and videos from other trusted creators. Finally, ideally, we would have a few code runners of sorts so users can test what they have learned quickly through our website. Ideally, the website would contain both a place where you can learn about a topic, and also a learning part where users can practice and get tested on the knowledge that they just learned. 
	Our website will be educationally directed and tailored towards a specific user-based, computer science. There are other educational websites available that have computer science as a topic but do not specifically focus on computer science. Students in computer science who struggle with many of the major topics will see this website as a very important tool to further their education. 
Overall we are trying to solve the problem of people searching YouTube for lessons about computer science. The problem YouTube has is the ease of posting videos without any reference or background in the topic. This allows anyone, even someone with no educational background to be put in a teaching position possibly teaching fake/false information. With our website, the content will be regulated more with only trusted sources allowed to link their page/post an article.
